I'm glad you decided to come.
Note... or rather. Arthur Leywin.
You were the one who defeated
the Elder Woods. yes?
He's strong. and dangerous.
More than anyone I've ever encountered.
#12 The King Enrolls.
If I'm the target...
is Lucas behind this?
Who sent you?
That fledgling you have in
mind has served his purpose.
He's not lying.
Lucas is nothing compared
to whoever this is.
The Wykes family has provided some value.
but now there's a matter that
takes greater precedence.
considering a single adventurer was
able to defeat the Elder Woods.
Arthur Leywin... his father.
Reynolds. and his mother. Alice.
Born 12 years ago. Awakened his
mana core at the tender age of two.
before moving to Xyrus City.
His family was attacked by bandits
en route. leading to his disappearance.
He reunited with his family
three years later.
He registered with the
adventurer's guild at age ten.
under the alias of "Note."
He had a stint as an adventurer at
the side of Jasmine Flamesworth.
Your parents were members of
the Twinhorns as well. yes?
He retraced the path I've taken.
You certainly seem knowledgeable about me.
Are you a fan. by any chance?
Don't bother.
I'm not here to fight. I'm just curious.
The guild records say Note...
that is to say. you.
defeated the Elder Woods by yourself.
How did you manage that?
Brald and the others were there. too.
He wasn't strong enough to
manage something like that.
What makes you so sure?
I have a very good grasp
of his strength.
since I was the one who sent him there.
I see.
It was you.
You have to pay.
What was that?
Sonic magic?!
That's only the beginning.
The interval between his
casting is so short.
and he has access to a myriad of elements.
Is this some form of magic I don't know?
But with this timing...
Your swordplay and mana control could
both be described as first-rate.
Yet. there's still more. I can tell.
having seen many a mana beast before.
The power that inhabits your
mana core is... one of a kind.
It was you who killed the
Elder Woods. Arthur Leywin.
You said you've seen many mana beasts.
I take it you're behind the
strangeness in the Beast Glades?
It was a very convenient location
to test the results of my research.
Nothing more.
Now. tell me... how did you
defeat the Elder Woods—
You little wretch.
You've been holding back.
I'm not foolish enough
to expose myself to a foe
I don't know the identity or objective of.
Now. answer me. What are you after?
You—
I wouldn't shout too much.
Considering where you chose to meet...
I doubt you want to draw much attention.
What in the world are you?
I want answers.
There's no doubt of it.
You beat the Elder Woods.
I suppose my curiosity has led me
to catch a tiger by its tail.
My objective is control over mana beasts.
I'm looking to complete the
spell necessary for that.
I can already control
anything A-class and below.
But S-class mana beasts
are still beyond me.
You weren't controlling the Elder Woods?
The wills of S-class beasts
keep me from taking control.
So I took measures to remove their will!
I wasn't in control of the Elder Woods.
But by removing its will. I was
able to broadly direct its actions.
Directing it to kill anyone
who entered the cave!
This is a strengthening potion
that explosively increases
mana at the cost of lost will.
It's my first time using it on a human.
Desperate times. you understand.
My anonymity is too precious to me!
He's too dangerous! I have to
stop him from getting away!
What's going on out there?!
Mom...
Arthur... Where's Arthur?
Elijah. have you seen Arthur?
He's missing?!
People I care about live beyond here.
I don't care who you are.
You will not pass!
How about this?!
He has the physical abilities
of an S-class mana beast.
And on top of that. he can cast magic...
with an incredible level of output.
Neither my swords or spells
are having any effect!
What else?
What else can I do?
Damn it—
I see.
Then. loss...
To deprive others...
This is what it feels like.
If this ending...
is the penance for my previous life.
then there's nothing I...
Grandma?
Arthur. What will you do with
that power. if you get stronger?
I'll protect...
the people... I care about.
Here I come!
Absolute Zero!
I have taken... so many lives.
and brought so many nations to ruin.
But even then... in spite of that—
Arthur...
I will not be beaten!
Enough of you!
"Don't let your heart fill
with hatred and rage."
How many times have I broken
my promise to you already?
Forgive me. Sylvia.
I guess I shouldn't stick around here.
You look a mess.
You?! We've got bigger concerns!
Listen to me! That boy—
The city is a mess.
Covering it up is going to
be an absolute nightmare.
That! Doesn't! Matter!
That's no ordinary beast inside the boy!
Its power surpasses S-class!
Like something of legend or mythology—
Wait. No. but that's...
Yet. it has to be.
He has a dragon's—
Wh-Why?
The day after the attack.
I was barely able to avoid giving
Alice and Eleanor any real answers.
I had a little bit of help.
"A mana beast escaped and ran amuck."
"Academy Director Cynthia
assisted in its recapture."
That was the story that was told.
Reynolds didn't ask questions.
Possibly because he'd realized something.
I returned to the ruins of the church.
hoping to find some clues.
but there was nothing.
My memories of that day are
something I will never forget.
but they will be buried by other
memories as time goes by.
Time spent away from battle.
with the people I care about...
was more valuable than
anything I could imagine.
Sonic magic...
Was that her?
You who will become the future leaders.
scholars. and movers of Dicathen...
I welcome you to our humble academy.
I am Cynthia Goodsky. the director.
And I get the feeling this
will be a very special year.
There has never been a class with
so many elves and dwarves enrolled.
for one thing.
And I can imagine no
better way to greet you.
than with a word from your
student body's representatives;
a round of applause. please.
for your student council.
Sylvie!
"Come along now. It's safe.
You can go home."
"I don't think so. A tree golem could
eat a child like me in no time."
"Then. do you know which
direction you came from?"
"Can't say that I do. I was chasing
some bugs and then I got lost."
"Okay. then."
"What's your name?"
"It's Tessia. Tessia Eralith."
"What's yours?"
"Arthur Leywin."
It's funny how we both remember
so much of what we said.
Tell me about it.
It's been a while. Arthur.
It really has. Tess.